MoM Arrowhead Framework telco 170215, 15.30-17.00 CET

Agenda

1) Arrowhead Framework Open source project, Jerker
Short introduction of current status of government of Arrowhead Framework and repository operations.
LTU will take over the hosting of forge.soa4d.org from Schneider by May 2017.
LTU will run this as long the Productive4.0 project is in operations.
The Arrowhead Framework wiki repository was update to a git repository 170218.

2) Core systems, which are they and status
The current core system status was reported. Historian was not reported since Jens was not on-line.
Status and compatibilities to other core services to be stated in system_service_matrix in git. 

3) Releases of core systems, versioning
Versoning should be made according to the following numbering schema:

x.y stable version
x.y+1_dev_0x latest development version
x.y+1_pre_0x latest ore release candidate version
x.y+1_rc         release candidate version
x.y+1 	       released stable version

Still ti determine is how systems and services should be numbered.

The following release procedure was agreed:
1) Approval of _dev and _pre versions by core system maintainer
2) Approval _rc and x.y stable version by maintainer group

Criteria for approval still TBD. 

4) Maintainers of individual core systems
ServiceRegistry, TDB
Authorisation, AA, AAA, TBD
Orchestration, TBD
PlantDescription, Oscar 
Configuration, Oscar
Translation, Hasan
Historian, Jens
Gatekeeper, Csaba
SystemRegistry, TBD
Device registry, TBD
QoS, Michele/Luis
Eventhandler, Michele/Luis


5) Maintenance of Arrowhead Framework Wiki
LTU and Jeker will be the main maintainer of the Arrowhead Framework wiki site.


6) ToDo list
Each maintainer was requested to initiate a roadmap for the core systems.

7) Next meetings and who to invite
These Arrowhead Framework development coordination webex meetings to be run bi weekly on Tuesdays 15.30-17.00 CET. Starting on Tuesday Feb 28, 2017.
webex meetings hosted by LTU.
Meeting chairs: Jerker and Luis

8) AoB
No AoB



at keyboard
Jerker
